Add 0.6.3 release notes draft for release candidate (#792)
napari/docs: docs/release/release_0_6_3.md

- Improve performance and memory usage of editing Shapes layer (#8006 again) ([#8109](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8109))
- Prevent Windows Access Violation with GPU resource cleanup on layer removal ([#8122](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8122))

## Documentation

- Update docs constraints and pyprojecttoml for npe2 ([#8075](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8075))
- Typo ismhow -> imshow ([#8084](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8084))
- Replace deprecated `view_*()` method from examples ([#8091](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8091))
- Comment the HEX codes of each color theme and where they're used ([#8099](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8099))
- New example for affine transformations in 3D using meshio and stl ([#8103](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8103))
- Added a try it out now section to README.md for using uv. ([#8107](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8107))
- Update README wording about scikit-image example ([#8125](https://github.com/napari/napari/pull/8125))
- Autogenerate images of parts of the viewer ([docs#621](https://github.com/napari/docs/pull/621))

> - Update instruction how to update contraints files ([docs#672](https://github.com/napari/docs/pull/672))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update instructions on how to update constraints files ([docs#672](https://github.com/napari/docs/pull/672))
```

I've updated the PR title so new runs of the script will not need a manual fix
